[core] Add Deno jsinterp and create single interface for external js interpreters (#12507)
yt-dlp/yt-dlp: README.md

### Misc

* [**pycryptodomex**](https://github.com/Legrandin/pycryptodome)\* - For decrypting AES-128 HLS streams and various other data. Licensed under [BSD-2-Clause](https://github.com/Legrandin/pycryptodome/blob/master/LICENSE.rst)

> * [**phantomjs**](https://github.com/ariya/phantomjs), [**deno**](https://github.com/denoland/deno/) - Used in extractors where javascript needs to be run. Licensed under [BSD-3-Clause](https://github.com/ariya/phantomjs/blob/master/LICENSE.BSD) and [MIT](https://github.com/xattr/xattr/blob/master/LICENSE.txt) respectively

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [**phantomjs**](https://github.com/ariya/phantomjs), [**deno**](https://github.com/denoland/deno) - Used in extractors where javascript needs to be run. Licensed under [BSD-3-Clause](https://github.com/ariya/phantomjs/blob/master/LICENSE.BSD) and [MIT](https://github.com/denoland/deno/blob/main/LICENSE.md) respectively
```
